# CSPFinal
Csp final
Purpose:I created my website to provide restaurants an easy way to receive orders and organize them to create a more efficient way for customers to get food. They simply put their names, select the food they want, choose how many, and select submit and they are given a receipt as well as a thank you message. How:The website was created using a html file to collect information. This was the first step and very vital to create a website. This is what the user first sees and the way this file runs is what determines how well the entire website is structured. This is where the create part of the project comes from. From the users point of view this is the most important part of the website. Next I created a database that would be where the data is sent and kept. Behind the scenes this is the most important part of the website because without this database the information would not be kept and the receive/delete/update parts of the project would not be possible. Finally I created a php file to record and send the information to a database as well as to update and delete information. This file is what tops off the entire website because this is where the things like delete and update happen. These little, but important details are what finish off the website and make it useful and efficient. About the author:My name is Joe Koller and I created this website for my AP Computer Science Principals year long final. This class has been very helpful to me because I learned many skills aside from the computer science side of things. I learned about html but I also learned about the future and the possibilities of jobs with in this field. I learned about php but I also learned time management and how to utilize my work time. More specifically this final project has done a lot for me as a programmer. I learned that I can do a lot more than I think I can and my skills go beyond SCRATCH and simple computer code. I can actually do something for myself and that is a great life skill to have is our ever growing society of computers and code. This class does much more than teach you how to press buttons on a computer and skills that I learned in this class will stay with me for the rest of my life.